README.md, before:

# Grandma Scheduling Services (GSS)

GSS is a distributed scheduling service helping you to publish multiple types of messages across regions without runtime delays. This project is still under development. The current version is 0.2.5.

### Usage

#### Get The Code

Clone or download the code from github and unzip (if necessary)

#### Install GO

Please make sure you have already installed Go compiler to your computer. Either gccGo or cgo will work.
Check [Go Installation Intructions](https://golang.org/doc/install) for more details.

#### Set Environment Variables

For windows, go to environment path manager and set add GOPATH to your path to GSS.
For Linux/Mac, set the environment variables in terminal:
```bash
export GOPATH=/path/to/GSS
```
You can also add the above to your bashrc file or profile file (Linux and Mac)

#### Compile

1. cd to your path to GSS in your terminal.
2. Type the following to compile GSS:
```bash
go build -o gss server.go routes.go
```

#### Verify Compilation

```bash
./gss -v
```
Current version number will be printed if you have successfully compiled GSS.

#### Run GSS

```bash
./gss
```
If you prefer, you can add a link to your system's bin folder.


### Update Notes

#### 0.2.6 (working)

1. Added config settings for queues, rest call signatures and messages.

#### 0.2.5 (current)

1. Fixed a bug that the order of messages sent to slaves switched upon random network failures.
2. Fixed a bug that GSS will crash after restarting and reconnecting (mutex locks and condition variables). 
3. Added support for restarting master node upon crash or network failure.
4. Added support for reconnecting master node from slave and heartbeat.

#### 0.2.4

1. Fixed a bug that messages sent to slaves may be cut into multiple pieces.
2. Support slave nodes reconnecting to master and sending/receiving heartbeat signals.
3. Support message recovery for slave and master nodes after respawn.

#### 0.2.3

1. Schedule information stored on disk.
2. Separate database instances for different nodes.

... For more please check update logs.

### Brief introduction to codes

##### 1. Change routes.go if you want to support more routes. 

Add a new handler to implement your API. You can turn this scheduler into an API server.

##### 2. Websocket needs authentication to work. 

You can add authorization to GSS to active this functionality. Assume your user verifying package is called "user", then you can build functions like the following and change the code in routes.go to support websocket.

```go
func GetUser(userTok string) *jsonwrapper.Object {

	obj, err := request.JsonHttpRequest("GET", "auth.example.com", "/auth/validate", "key="+userTok, "")

	if err != nil || !obj.Success {
		return nil
	} else {
		u, _ := obj.Json.GetObject("user")
		return u
	}
}
```

##### 3. config.go needs more work to do. 

Feel free to add more options to config.

### API Documentations

Commit message:

Mapping data to corresponding nodes configuration

README.md, after:

# Grandma Scheduling Services (GSS)

GSS is a distributed scheduling service helping you to publish multiple types of messages across regions without runtime delays. This project is still under development. The current version is 0.2.5.

### Usage

#### Get The Code

Clone or download the code from github and unzip (if necessary)

#### Install GO

Please make sure you have already installed Go compiler to your computer. Either gccGo or cgo will work.
Check [Go Installation Intructions](https://golang.org/doc/install) for more details.

#### Set Environment Variables

For windows, go to environment path manager and set add GOPATH to your path to GSS.
For Linux/Mac, set the environment variables in terminal:
```bash
export GOPATH=/path/to/GSS
```
You can also add the above to your bashrc file or profile file (Linux and Mac)

#### Compile

1. cd to your path to GSS in your terminal.
2. Type the following to compile GSS:
```bash
go build -o gss server.go routes.go
```

#### Verify Compilation

```bash
./gss -v
```
Current version number will be printed if you have successfully compiled GSS.

#### Run GSS

```bash
./gss
```
If you prefer, you can add a link to your system's bin folder.


### Update Notes

#### 0.2.6 (working)

1. Added config settings for queues, rest call signatures and messages.
2. Support big data distributions with third party software execution in cluster.

#### 0.2.5 (current)

1. Fixed a bug that the order of messages sent to slaves switched upon random network failures.
2. Fixed a bug that GSS will crash after restarting and reconnecting (mutex locks and condition variables). 
3. Added support for restarting master node upon crash or network failure.
4. Added support for reconnecting master node from slave and heartbeat.

#### 0.2.4

1. Fixed a bug that messages sent to slaves may be cut into multiple pieces.
2. Support slave nodes reconnecting to master and sending/receiving heartbeat signals.
3. Support message recovery for slave and master nodes after respawn.

#### 0.2.3

1. Schedule information stored on disk.
2. Separate database instances for different nodes.

... For more please check update logs.

### Brief introduction to codes

##### 1. Change routes.go if you want to support more routes. 

Add a new handler to implement your API. You can turn this scheduler into an API server.

##### 2. Websocket needs authentication to work. 

You can add authorization to GSS to active this functionality. Assume your user verifying package is called "user", then you can build functions like the following and change the code in routes.go to support websocket.

```go
func GetUser(userTok string) *jsonwrapper.Object {

	obj, err := request.JsonHttpRequest("GET", "auth.example.com", "/auth/validate", "key="+userTok, "")

	if err != nil || !obj.Success {
		return nil
	} else {
		u, _ := obj.Json.GetObject("user")
		return u
	}
}
```

##### 3. config.go needs more work to do. 

Feel free to add more options to config.

### API Documentations
